Update intro of FrequencyAnalyzer.frequencyBinCount (#24184)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/analysernode/frequencybincount/index.md

{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}

> The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface is an unsigned integer half that of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. This is the total number of data points available. Their indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).

Reviewer: >The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface is an unsigned integer half that of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}

1. "half that" - you mean half the value of, or half the data size of - impossible to tell.
2. Normally we don't mention the data size because users of the API don't care unless it forces them to use something other than `Number`. 

So I would restructure this to something like:

> The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface is the total number of data points available `to whatever it is they are available to`.
> This is half the `WHAT????` of the the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. The two method's indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).

> The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface is an unsigned integer half that of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. This is the total number of data points available. Their indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).

Author: ```suggestion
The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface is the total number of data points available to {{domxref("AudioContext")}} `sampleRate`. This is half of the `value` of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. The two methods' indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).
```

> The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface is the total number of data points available to {{domxref("AudioContext")}} `sampleRate`. This is half of the `value` of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. The two methods' indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface contains the total number of data points available to {{domxref("AudioContext")}} `sampleRate`. This is half of the `value` of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. The two methods' indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).
```

> The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface contains the total number of data points available to {{domxref("AudioContext")}} `sampleRate`. This is half of the `value` of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. The two methods' indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).

Reviewer: This is better English now thanks.

However it implies that there is some property `AudioContext.sampleRate`, and I can't find that in the docs - though there is an option parameter: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioContext/AudioContext#samplerate

I am going to remove myself as a reviewer in hope someone with more knowledge of the audio context can comment.

Reviewer 2: There is a `samplerate` property on `AudioContext` but it is defined on its parent `BaseAudioContext`.

```suggestion
The **`frequencyBinCount`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} interface contains the total number of data points available to {{domxref("AudioContext")}} {{domxref("BaseAudioContext.sampleRate", "sampleRate")}}. This is half of the `value` of the {{domxref("AnalyserNode.fftSize")}}. The two methods' indices have a linear relationship with the frequencies they represent, between 0 and the [Nyquist frequency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency).
```
